README.md, before:

# Core case data client

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/hmcts/ccd-client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/hmcts/ccd-client)
[![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/hmcts/hmcts-maven/core-case-data-store-client/images/download.svg) ](https://bintray.com/hmcts/hmcts-maven/core-case-data-store-client/_latestVersion)

This is a client library for interacting with the core case data store application. The two main responsibilities are:
 - start event for new case
 - submit case to core case data app

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

- [JDK 8](https://www.oracle.com/java)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com)

## Usage

Just include the library as your dependency and you will be to use the client class. Health check for CCD service is provided as well.

Components provided by this library will get automatically configured in a Spring context if `core_case_data.api.url` configuration property is defined and does not equal `false`. 

## Building

The project uses [Gradle](https://gradle.org) as a build tool but you don't have install it locally since there is a
`./gradlew` wrapper script.  

To build project please execute the following command:

```bash
    ./gradlew build
```

## Developing

### Coding style tests

To run all checks (including unit tests) please execute the following command:

```bash
    ./gradlew check
```

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.
For the versions available, see the tags on this repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

Add case event apis (#55)
* Add case event apis

* action review comments

* up the version

* reverting review comments as it fails for cmc

* Fix tests, add scripts for configuring functional tests and add functional test for Events API

* Review fixes

* Remove imports

* Rename class to singular

README.md, after:

# Core case data client

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/hmcts/ccd-client.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/hmcts/ccd-client)
[![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/hmcts/hmcts-maven/core-case-data-store-client/images/download.svg) ](https://bintray.com/hmcts/hmcts-maven/core-case-data-store-client/_latestVersion)

This is a client library for interacting with the core case data store application. The two main responsibilities are:
 - start event for new case
 - submit case to core case data app

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

- [JDK 8](https://www.oracle.com/java)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com)

## Usage

Just include the library as your dependency and you will be to use the client class. Health check for CCD service is provided as well.

Components provided by this library will get automatically configured in a Spring context if `core_case_data.api.url` configuration property is defined and does not equal `false`. 

## Building

The project uses [Gradle](https://gradle.org) as a build tool but you don't have install it locally since there is a
`./gradlew` wrapper script.  

To build project please execute the following command:

```bash
    ./gradlew build
```

## Developing

### Coding style tests

To run all checks (including unit tests) please execute the following command:

```bash
    ./gradlew check
```

## Functional Tests

The functional tests rely on CCD and Idam and need to be configured with appropriate user roles and events.
Before running the functional test on a local environment run the following:
```bash
    ./scripts/create-role.sh
    ./scripts/import-definintion.sh
```

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.
For the versions available, see the tags on this repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details.
